>> Bianca Gandolfo: Another cool
thing is default parameters.
Can anyone take a wild guess of
what a default parameter might be?
>> Speaker 2: If you don't pass the value,
it gets set to that default value.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
how helpful is that?
I really like that part actually.
There are some parts of the that I
don't really care too much about,
especially when it gives so much
variance and syntax and stuff like that.
Makes life as an instructor
very difficult.
But things like this,
I'm like, okay, it's good.
I like this.
However, this interesting thing here is
that it's only gonna console out three for
the arguments, in this case where
we didn't pass two arguments.
So something to keep in mind that
the argument's keyword is only paying
attention to the explicit values
being passed into the function, and
if there's something
like a default value or
a spread operator, it's not going to-
>> Speaker 3: So
it doesn't tell you anything
about parameters at all.
It just tells you about arguments?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, exactly.
Which, if you think about it,
is what you care about, for the most part.